Q:When did the #BlackLivesMatter movement begin?
A:2013
A:2006
A:2015
A:2010
Q:Which of the following is best seen as the origin of the Black Lives Matter movement?
A:The killing of Trayvon Martin by neighbourhood watch co-ordinator George Zimmerman
A:NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick kneeling during the national anthem
A:Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s work during the Civil Rights Movement of the 1950s and 1960s
Q: What is the name of the man whose statue was toppled by #BlackLivesMatter protestors in Bristol, UK on June 7, 2020?
A:Edward Colson
A:George Washington
A:William Wilberforce
A:Graham Greene
Q:Who was Freddie Gray?
A:A 12 year old child killed in Cleveland by the police for playing with a toy gun.
A:A 17 year old teenager killed by police officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson, Missouri.
A:A 25 year man who died in police custody in Baltimore, Maryland.
Q:On average, how much more likely are black people to be stopped and searched by the Metropolitan Police on average?
A:Twice as likely
A:The same likelihood
A:Four times as likely
A:Eight times as likely
Q:As of June 18th 2020, why were the Bank of England in the British media?
A:They apologised for the involvement of some of their past govenors for their role in the slave trade
A:They decreased the interest rate due to COVID-19
A:They have announced they are moving their headquarters from Bank to Victoria
Q:Why has the co-founder and former CEO of Redit, Alexis Ohanian been praised on social media?
A:For stepping down and urging a black person to take his place
A:For donating $5m to provide PPE for hospital workers in the US
A:For buying his mother a house
Q:As of June 11th 2020, why has Stormzy been praised by British media?
A:For pledging to donate £10m to black British causes over 10 years
A:For launching the 'Stormzy Scholarship' for students at the University of Cambridge
A:For delivering a talk at the University of Oxford on racial inequality in the UK
Q:How have Imperial College London responded to criticism over its links to the British Empire?
A:By pledging to create a scholarship designed to increase the intake of black prospective students, and removing their motto from their materials
A:By changing the cafeteria menu to include the African delicacy 'jollof rice'
Q:"I’ve got to say, on this take the knee thing – which, I don’t know, maybe it’s got a broader history but it seems to be taken from the Game of Thrones – feels to me like a symbol of subjugation and subordination, rather than one of liberation and emancipation." Who said this?
A:UK Foreign Secretary, Dominic Raab
A:US President, Donald Trump
A:UK Prime Minister, Boris Johnson
A:Germany Prime Minister, Angela Merkel
